//focus on impact, move fast, be bold, be open, build social value

0. Self Intro
 My name is Ruihan and I am from Beijing China. While I got my bachlor degree at City Univerity of Hong Kong and currently I am a second year master student at Duke University. This summer I did an intership at Akuna Capital, which is an option trading company has its own trading engine. So I was working on the C++ library/ framework they are developing for their next gen trading engine. My focus was on the windows port of the library and also the component of inter process communication with a front end GUI application, namly C#. There was a lot of metaprogramming and the performance of the code is alway placed at top.

1. Why facebook?

	-instagram
		The first fb product I have ever used back in 2014. At that time I dont even have a smart phone since my parents forbids me from using it. But still, I downloaded one to their phone. At that time, instagram is so different and I really like it. Most importantly, I add a lot of friend on instagram. So the
	-helper people get connected
	
	-diversity
	
	-friend here
	
	-seeing other people happpy will make me happy

2. Best Project
	-Intern Project

3. Worst Project
	- Mini uber. With Jin. It actually receive a pretty ok grade but the process is very annoying. The communication with my teammate was not good.
	
	

4. Best Feedback
	- fast learner and hard working

5. Worst Feedback
	- no abstraction
	- 
6. Internship
-Most valueable things learnt
Lots of things that I learnt apart from techniqical skills. My project if pretty open ended and Akuna wants us to experience a complete Software development cycle. 
	agile development, daily scrum, presentation


7. What kind of people you do not want to work with
	-lack responsibility: 

8. 最有建设性的feedback是什么
lack of communication. manager in hacksthon mode so I did not communicate with him that much


怎么处理和manager的矛盾



你有role model



聊聊项目 ，与主管的矛盾。



最骄傲的project，为啥骄傲，如何convince others，如果能再做一遍这个project，你会改进什么地方 

intern project. Actually give the company the idea of the following work.
I spent quite some time trying to punch holes between WSL and windows even after I know the fact that WSL is not stable...

bq记得的有先说一个team work的project，然后讲有没有和队友产生分歧以及解决方法，然后最proud的project，然后在team中有没有其他队员之间有冲突或者不engage你是怎么解决的，还有最difficult的队友

The mini Amazon /Ups project, 4 people in a group, there are of course many different opio


你最骄傲的项目，你给你老板提个意见，你老板曾经对你有过什么建议，

最成功的项目；
有跟别人有conflict吗；mutex/smart event, message queue
最不喜欢跟什么样的人work；People lack responibility. One of my teammate. He should be in charge of the front end while I incharge of the backend part. He swore to do everything before the deadlinebut disappeared for one and a half day. 
最喜欢组里的什么人，为什么；
Houze. No only talented, but also helpful. Willing to spend 2 hours helping me with a bug.
有什么失败吗，学到了啥；
The team went to the hackthon mode for a couple of weeks. At


1) dive deep into most recent project 2) most intestering debug/bug 3) describe most fav‍‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‌‍‍‍‍‍‌‍‌orite day in your current company（呵呵）  4) how to work across team 5) give me an example you push back 6) example you regret your design 
1. Show leadership in both ppl management and Project scope, in both experience and system design round
2. Clean code with test cases

依然不知道怎么答比较好，最后面试官说：你说了太多detail，我没看出你是怎么从这些经验中学习的，感觉凉了。全称我采用了一个策略：我承认自己虽然目前情商不行，但愿意学习，最后问了他好多这个方面的问题，问他怎么学习这方面的能力的。他啪啪啪地记下来，感觉我的策略奏效了？


她问你有没有过，完成了一件事情后有如释重负的感觉。楼主答的是most challenging，但这里她可能更想要我为什么觉得它很难，以及我的态度。


和同事老板conflict怎么样，同事给你feedback有啥受益的么，老板好么怎么变得更好么，好员工有哪些品质？这个品质你有吗，举个例子啊。这是亚麻学的面试么，脸书也走这一套了。而且要求和亚麻一样，例子要详细，技术细节上要面试官听的懂，而且故事也要make sense，要面试官也同意你的做法是对的。连说45分钟，很累。

